a review of lasik studies worldwide
shows that 95% of those who have had
LASIK surgery are happy with the results
I had it when I was 37 I wish I would
have done it before with LASIK doctors
use a laser to permanently change the
shape of the cornea to improve visions
the US military considers LASIK so safe
the procedure is often performed on
troops about to be deployed but some
people who have undergone LASIK are left
with permanently damaged vision they see
double or have problems seeing at night
or see star bursts or halos around
lights some people have lost their jobs
and can no longer perform basic
functions such as driving due to bad
outcomes from LASIK I was not a success
because I had dry eye and halos and
starbursts and everything else that's
not a success now the man who headed the
office responsible for reviewing the
data on LASIK at the Food and Drug
Administration says those side effects
were not taken seriously enough Morris
Waxler is no longer with the agency the
agency the refractive surgeons people
know that these problems occur Waxler
says the agency should have provided
better oversight and employed tougher
standards for dealing with adverse
effects of LASIK the agency is now
investigating patient reports of lasik
injuries and is working on a study of
post LASIK problems in addition the
agency requires the makers of machinery
used in LASIK to meet certain standards
before the agency will approve any new
lasers used in the surgery in the
meantime Morris Waxler has advice for
those thinking about having LASIK read
everything you can there's no urgency to
do it so make sure you understand what
the worst that's going to happen to your
eyes and you can live with the worst dr.
penny Aspel a doctor who performs the
procedure says people should be aware
that not everyone is a good candidate
for the surgery sometimes they think
instead of asking the question how many
late
two procedures you have done should
actually ask the doctor how many of you
turned away the Food and Drug
Administration does not regulate the
practice of medicine in the u.s. it
regulates the lasers used in the
procedure for voodoo she Sinha I'm Carol
Pearson VOA news